All right.
Welcome back to this tutorial.
And now as we have loaded all the files that we need we are ready to do some cleaning.
This is not the funniest part but don't worry.
The best part comes next.
So the first file as we want to clean are the non breaking prefixes.
If you remember well actually I can just print it's non breaking prefixes English.
This is just a list of characters of words with a new line between each of them.
So we will need to split them in order to have a list of words.
And second we will add a space before each of them.
And the dots after each of them.
So it represents exactly what we will be looking for during the cleaning of the caucuses.
So the way we do this we will just say that none greeting prefix English now is equal to let's copy
this.
And I did hear that splits which is just a function that we.
A method that we can use with the strings.
And it will create a list of strings each time.
There is a backslash and in the original string we split it and creates another element in all final
lists of words.
And as I just said before we also want to add the space at the beginning and the point at the end so
the list of spaces plus pref for prefix plus points for pref in number prefix English.
So here we are.
We have a list of all the known breaking prefix in English each one starting with the space and ending
with points.
Of course we want to do the same thing for our second language.
So let's just replace e n by f r here.
He also.
And finally the.
Let's run this and quick tests.
It's just s copy that's the perfect.
This is exactly the list we were looking for.
We can see there is a space there and a dot right there to let's trade this.
So this was the first part of the cleaning just the cleaning of the non breaking prefix files.
Now we have to do the bigger one of course which is for the whole corpus.
And and basically that took a nice function that we will use later.
We'll do a huge part of the job.
We don't really need to use lowercase for instance.
We don't need to add spaces before full stops or before commas or whatever because it took a nice a
function does it perfectly by itself.
But as we said before what we want is to remove the points that are not full stops like I'll take the
same example.
Example if the parliament session starts at 10:00 a.m. And if it's written a dot and dots we want to
remove those dots so that the ordinary then understands that AIM is one words and not two sentences.
So let's start by creating the corpus English viable which equals to you Paul.
Paul sorry English the previous version of the corpus and the first thing that we will do is to pinpoint
the dots that are our full stops the way we do this is that we will look for them using the non breaking
prefix lists and ads.
Let's say three shop signs for instance.
So that later we will be able to make a difference between the four stops and the points that are not
at the end of a sentence.
So for each prefix in none working prefix English we will say that Corpus English was to itself but
we will replace its prefix by itself plus.
So we said three sharp signs.
So now each point that is not full stop has three shops sign up right after it.
And now comes the funny parts.
We will use the red dots function which is the kind of the same as the replace method for strings but
it allows us to use rig X for those of you who don't know Greg it is a way to express different strings
but without explicitly writing those strings for instance you can do very general and flexible things
like asking for any capital letter followed by three numbers followed by TTP or whatever.
You can ask for pretty much whatever you wants.
If you want to have fun with it and to explore you can quickly tap Greg ex on your favorite browser
go to these Web sites and you will see examples.
There is a text here and here that will explain how it works.
You can play with it's quite fun.
But for now the way we will use it is that we will add three sharp signs.
In another case which is when the the DOT is not followed by its space because we can assume that's
full stops are always followed by space.
So in case we have a dot followed by any character like we will say numbers and letters then this is
not considered as a full stop.
So we will also add three sharp signs right after the points the way we do that is we say again that
Corpus equals red dots.
And we start with the.
The type of string that we are looking for right before the string we add the R which means that we
are writing something in red.
So it's not literally what is inside the quoting marks that matter.
The code has to process this as a big x.
So first we say that we want it points in regards to we have to add backslash before because point has
a specific meaning in the rig x.
So if we wanted to say that we are looking for the character points we have to either backstage before
and then we are looking for any sets of numbers are all letters right after it's there.
I would say that is that we use brackets that begin with a question mark equal which means this has
to follow the points but we will not use this in the sub function because as I said before sub is used
to replace but we only want to replace the points by points shop shop shop and at the points and what
follows by point shop shop shop.
So those parentheses beginning with a question like equal means please look for that but then don't
replace it.
And as I said they are looking for any number.
So from 0 to 9 0 and the way we use 0 is with this dark.
Any letter.
And this is how we say all capital letter A to A to Z.
Here we are.
So this part right here means the points followed by any of this.
So any number or letter.
But we also say just consider the points for the replacement parts that comes right now.
As we said before we want to replace the point by point followed by three shops sign.
And as this is just a function a step function of the remodel we have to specify the the string we want
to apply to Corpus English.
Here we are.
We have selected all the points that we don't want to be ending sentences points.
So now let's just remove those points again.
We use the reader s not sub and why we want to get rid of is the point followed by three sharps and
this will be replaced by nothing because we just want to get rid of them and these will be applied to
Corpus English.
We will do one last thing before splitting the corpus between each line because removing words usually
means that we have two or more white spaces in a row.
So we will use the same ideas before results.
Now we ask to look for the whitespace followed by whitespace plus and disperse means that we are all
looking for at least one occurence of the previous character.
But it can be more so.
In total we are looking for at least two white spaces which is exactly what we wanted and now it's just
right that we want to replace all those white species by one single white space in Corpus English.
Finally as we said before we want to split this huge string into a list of string each one corresponding
to a sentence or at least the paragraph.
So let's just split.
Corpus English with respect with respect to backslash n.
And here we are our English corpus has been cleaned.
Of course we want to do the same with the French one.
So let's copy this bastard here.
We will use a small tool just here.
Edit find and replace.
So it took me some time to find it again and we can just replace any English with with French.
You can see here which one is selected.
We don't want to use those ones.
It's not really clear about.
You can see that this one is selected.
So not this one.
Not this one here.
This one is selected so we place.
And here we go.
Just replace all the English with French and that's it.
We can close that now.
Whoops.
Sorry about that.
I am pointing you to the rest of the course but here we are.
Everything has been cleaned and we are ready to make them relevant in goods for all algorithm.
So let's get right into it right now and see you soon.